2nd May,2022

After a long time I'm here to write again. I've completed my 2nd year of BCT. I've started to learn Node.Js to build hotel website.
Just before writing this I was thiking about social medias. This is me writing whatever I was thinking about it before.

Social Medias thrive on mind seeking validation, mind seeking occupation and mind seeking attention. The problem is not 
Social Media itself but it is the mind 
that is constantly seeking. So the real question really is "Why do we seek?".

"Why do I seek?"

Hypothesis 2:
Whenever there is a pleasant experience various hormones are released that makes us feel good. 
Our brain registers those experiences in memory. 
Now the self demands such experiences again and again because it was pleasant to the self. The self uses various tools like
thinking, imagination, visualization etc to demand those experiences which are stored in our memory. 
This very process is seeking of pleasure. 
Now all other various stuffs that mind seeks like security, attention, validation etc are all various forms of seeking pleasure.
Hence I seek because of the self demands pleasant experience and avoid unpleasant experience.

This brings us to our next question 

"What is this self?"

For the shake of communication,it is important that we mean same thing when we refer to self.  
So consider the following:
There appears to be a center from which we think. When we are thinking there is a sense of 'I' within us. 
We are refering this 'I' as the self.
When we are angry or hurt, there appears to be a center within us that gets angry or hurt. We are refering this center as the self.

"What is the nature of this self?"






Potential Solution 2:
"Our brain registers the experience". The solution might lie here. 



Hypothesis 1:
This self sees the impermanency of the life hence the impermanency of itself. Because of it, the self gets insecure . Because the self is 
insecure it seeks security. And this
seeking of security takes various forms of seeking like seeking validation, seeking occupation, seeking pleasure, seeking attention,
seeking money, fame and all other stuffs we seek.

Counter Argument: But a child who has no idea about death still seeks pleasure, attention etc.

Potential Solution 1:

Through drugs or technology stop feel good hormones from releasing. Hence no pleasant experience to register. Hence no seeking of
those experiences.

Counter Argument: It is not a practical solution because these hormones are there for other various 
reasons. 
